Add caution to schema testing doc (#12596)
apollographql/apollo-client: docs/source/development-testing/schema-driven-testing.mdx

minVersion: 3.10.0
---

> <Caution>
>   The testing utilities described in this document are deprecated and will be
>   removed in the next major version of Apollo Client. Please use [GraphQL
>   Testing Library](https://github.com/apollographql/graphql-testing-library)
>   instead.
> </Caution>

Reviewer: Suggestion to specify exactly which version we're talking about. If we can add a month for release/relevant link for v4 that's also best. Making a suggestion based on what I could _glean_, but please update if necessary!

```suggestion
<Caution>
  The testing utilities described in this document are deprecated and will be
  removed in the GA release of [Apollo Client v4](https://community.apollographql.com/t/apollo-client-v4-alpha-releases-are-here/8719) in June 2025. Please use [GraphQL
  Testing Library](https://github.com/apollographql/graphql-testing-library)
  instead.
</Caution>
```

Reviewer 2: Please let's not use the word "GA release" in public communication - I haven't seen that phrasing in the node Open Source ecosystem yet, and honestly I had to look it up multiple times 😅 - most users won't know what to do with that.

Reviewer: Ah, gtk! Thanks for flagging.

Edit:

```suggestion
<Caution>
  The testing utilities described in this document are deprecated and will be
  removed in [Apollo Client v4](https://community.apollographql.com/t/apollo-client-v4-alpha-releases-are-here/8719) in June 2025. Please use [GraphQL
  Testing Library](https://github.com/apollographql/graphql-testing-library)
  instead.
</Caution>
```
